digest algorithm clarifications (#61)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-corim: draft-ietf-rats-corim.md

### Digest {#sec-common-hash-entry}

A digest represents the value of a hashing operation together with the hash
algorithm used.  The type of the digest algorithm identifier can be either
`int` or `text`.  When carried as an integer value, it is interpreted according

> to the "Named Information Hash Algorithm Registry" {{-named-info}} registry.

Author: ```suggestion
to the "Named Information Hash Algorithm Registry" {{-named-info}}.
```

When it is carried as `text`, there are no requirements with regards to its
format.  In general, the `int` encoding is RECOMMENDED.  The `text` encoding

> should only to be used when the `digest` type conveys reference value

Reviewer: grammar seems wrong - maybe something like "should only be used when..."?
upper case Reference Value?

> should only to be used when the `digest` type conveys reference value

Author: ```suggestion
should only be used when the `digest` type conveys reference value
```

> measurements that must be matched verbatim with evidence that uses the same

Author: ```suggestion
measurements that are matched verbatim with Evidence that uses the same
```

> measurements that must be matched verbatim with evidence that uses the same

Reviewer: upper case MUST?
upper case Evidence?

Author: the must is not normative in this piece of prose.  I have replaced "must be" with "are" to remove any possible ambiguity.
